### Conceptual Exercise

Answer the following questions below:

- What is PostgreSQL?
An open source database management system. 

- What is the difference between SQL and PostgreSQL?
SQL is a language, while PostgreSQL is a database management system.

- In `psql`, how do you connect to a database?
psql -d database_name -U user_name -W

- What is the difference between `HAVING` and `WHERE`?
The WHERE clause is used to filter rows based on specified conditions.
The HAVING clause is used to filter groups created by the GROUP BY clause based on specified conditions.
- What is the difference between an `INNER` and `OUTER` join?
An INNER JOIN selects only the rows that have matching values in both tables being joined.
An OUTER JOIN returns not only the rows that have matching values in both tables but also includes rows from one or both tables that do not have matching rows in the other table, depending on the type of outer join used

- What is the difference between a `LEFT OUTER` and `RIGHT OUTER` join?
A `LEFT OUTER` includes all rows from the left table specified before the JOIN keyword, plus any rows from the right table that have matching values in the join condition.
A `RIGHT OUTER` includes all rows from the right table 
- What is an ORM? What do they do?
a programming technique used to convert data between incompatible type systems in object-oriented programming languages
- What are some differences between making HTTP requests using AJAX 
  and from the server side using a library like `requests`?
AJAX requests are made from the user's browser using JavaScript.
Requests made using a server-side library like requests are executed on the server, not on the browser.
- What is CSRF? What is the purpose of the CSRF token?
CSRF is a type of security attack that tricks the victim into executing unwanted actions on a web application in which they are currently authenticated.
A CSRF Token is a unique value that is generated by the server-side application & transmitted in such a way that it is inluded in a HTTP request
- What is the purpose of `form.hidden_tag()`?
It allows users to render a CSRF Token 